The quiet weekend afternoon was interrupted by a sharp knock on the door. Saakshi came out of her room to answer the call but Ankita reached before her. Around this time, they were expecting maintenance to arrive according to the mail they received from the Brookfield housing staff. College students Saakshi, Ankita, Riya, and Lena were all living in an apartment that had been plagued with issues ever since they had moved in last month. The problems worsened each day making the place nearly inhospitable. However, acquaintances of the roommates who were residing in the same complex didn’t seem to have any of these troubles and were relatively satisfied with their housing. 
Saakshi and Ankita were a little perplexed when the person outside was a sharply dressed woman. She was probably in her thirties, East Asian, about five feet tall and smelled of expensive fragrance. 
“Good afternoon young ladies, my name is Wendy Wan. I am a paranormal investigator. I have come to talk about the situation in your apartment. I was told that four of you live here. Is everybody home?”
She had a distinctive New York accent. 
Saakshi and Ankita looked at each other for a few seconds.
“Ummm… good afternoon. Did you say paranormal investigator?”, Saakshi asked.
“Yes.”
Ankita struggled to stifle a giggle while Saakshi felt amused and annoyed at the same time.
“I’m sorry but is this for real?”, Saakshi asked again.
“Yes. I have been told of the troubles you have been facing. Let’s get into them, shall we? Correct me if I am wrong or have missed something. Oh, hello there.”
Riya had her earphones plugged in since lunch. It was only until Lena beckoned her that she heard the unfamiliar voice. 
Wendy introduces herself to the two of them.
“Let’s begin. I can smell the strong foul odor in the kitchen. There is some strange slimy liquid that drips from the walls and ceilings in the hall and your respective rooms. You also have a bug problem, rather a bug carcass problem – found in odd places all across the apartment. There is also a very unpleasant creaking noise that you all hear at night while you’re sleeping. And none of you can find the source.”
“You were spot on about our problems. Brookfield thinks there is some paranormal activity going on?”, Saakshi said derisively.
“That’s what they suspect. They don’t want to risk sending the good maintenance folk directly. That’s why they have sought my expertise.”
The four roommates exchanged awkward glances with each other waiting for one of them to say something.
“You ladies must be used to the stench but I can barely stand it. Would any of you mind if we carry this conversation elsewhere? I don’t mean to impose but perhaps one of your rooms.”, Wendy continued.
“Let’s go to my room. I am quite intrigued.”, Saakshi said.
As they entered the room, Saakshi made a hand gesture towards her chair for the unexpected visitor. She and her roommates sat on the tiny bed.
Wendy looked up and saw the acidic stains on all four walls and the ceiling. 
She then faced the girls.
“I know what causes this.”, said Wendy confidently.
“A ghost?”, asked Saakshi.
“Yes. I checked your apartment’s exterior and there is no way a haunted spirit can enter. Brookfield has taken care of that. This is an inside job. One of you has been in denial of your demise and your spirit is trapped inside your corpse. Your spirit uses the corpse as a host and causes it to function normally. This indirectly affects the external environment and causes strange phenomena to happen like what’s going on here. That stuff on your wall is ectoplasm.” 
There were a few seconds of silence that was broken by deafening laughter. Wendy was unaffected.
“So, which one of us is it?”, said Sakshi while she was struggled to catch her breath.
“Difficult to say. I can share the symptoms. Consciously or subconsciously, ghosts spread their presence through negative emotions that spread to all living beings within their surroundings. Recently, has one of you faced any challenges in socializing? No matter what you do or how you behave, no one seems to want your company. You look a little nervous Riya.”
All eyes turned towards the girl who sat the furthest on the bed with her arms crossed.
“Me… No. It’s just that what your saying is weird and freaky.”
“You can relate to all of this, can’t you?”
“I have tolerated Brookfield and you playing this ridiculous joke on us. But you will not harass my roommate.”, yelled Saakshi.
“Everyone seems to bail on you. You feel lonely and unwanted. But you cannot figure out why?”, Wendy continued.
“Enough!”
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“That’s none of your fucking business!”
“Let Riya answer, please. When you use dating apps like Tinder, does every single guy you match with only want a hook-up. A lot of people out there have a ghost fetish. Your ghostly presence can be spread through your photographs as well.”
Feeling provoked to her limits, Saakshi jumped out of the bed and almost pounced on the chair.
“That’s it. Get the fuck out or we’ll call the cops.”
“I have no more questions.”, said Wendy calmly.
As Wendy made for the door, Saakshi followed her very closely.
“Don’t come here again.”, said Saakshi threateningly.
“We’ll go to the office right now and ask them about this shit!”, said Ankita after the visitor was gone.
Riya hadn’t moved out of the bed and was quivering with fear.
“Riya don’t worry. We are here for you. We’ll…”
She instantly burst into tears.
“Oh my god!! What have I done!! I am so sorry. She was right. She was right about everything. No one likes me. You all don’t like me either. I am repulsive. I am the devil. I am like Bathsheba from the movie ‘Conjuring’.”
