Three college seniors enter a conference. Let’s call them A, B and C. All of them are overseas students from a country called Thin-Triangle. Their university is situated in the nation Fat-Rectangle. The conference takes place in a large auditorium where all the walls are crimson red. The conference seems to be hosted by some company as there are a couple of people with matching shirts on the stage. All the shirts have a white logo on the front that slightly resembles a car turbocharger. B points to the row of empty seats at the back and all the complimentary snacks at a table on the left of the auditorium. They comprise of pizza, soft drinks and a bunch of desserts. Food is the only reason the friends came. 
Luckily, to the friends’ delight, the conference gets over a few minutes after their arrival. They immediately head towards the table, grab the paper plates and start gorging the pepperoni pizza. 
A nudges B and C.
“Look at that guy over there”, he says with his mouth full.
A college student enthusiastically speaks to a young lady from the company. Let’s call him D. He is bespectacled, quite short and looks young for a college student. He also appears to be from Thin Triangle.
“Isn’t he adorable”, says C with a chuckle.
“Let’s try to bring him out of his fantasy”, says B.
Once D completes his conversation with the employee, the three seniors corner him.
“Hey, kid! What are you doing?”, asks B.
“Huh? Networking with DMC. What else would I be doing here?”, replies D sounding perplexed.
“It’s not going to happen”
“Why?”
“Because you are from Thin Triangle”
“What? That’s where you are from as well. Why did you even come here then?”
“For the food”
“Okay. I’m leaving”
D swiftly pushes through the gap between A and C. The friends don’t make any effort to block his escape.
“We were in the same boat as you!”, yells A as D heads away.
The latter freezes for a moment.
“We know you are smart, talented and hard-working. It’s just that the Fat Trianglites shall not look past your black hair and brown eyeballs. To them, you will always be an inferior undereducated job candidate from an inferior country. No matter how much you try to prove the opposite, it will be futile. That lady was laughing after you spoke to her. Trust us. We have tried the same.”, A continues.
D clumsily moves his body to face the seniors.
“Which year are each of you guys in? How many companies have you applied to?”, he asks softly.
C responds.
“We are all seniors. We have lost track of that. Listen kid, life is unfair. We Thin Trianglites are victims of oppression. We will always be treated as second class citizens here. You are not a privileged Fat Rectanglite. You will have to put zillions of effort into what would come easily to a local citizen – be it jobs, money, friends, love. Even that is not enough.”
“But in the two and half years I’ve been here, I’ve never felt that way”, says D sounding a little agitated.
“It’s because you live in a fool’s paradise. What is your internship application success rate? How many local friends and dates have you had?”, says A.
“I have had no trouble with friends or dates”
“But it must have taken a really long time for you. Let me guess. Zero internship offers”
Unable to say anything, D stares at the ground with embarrassment.
C walks towards and puts a comforting hand on D’s shoulder.
“Reality stings dude. You’ll feel better if you have this cookie.”, says C as offers a large chocolate chip.
D hesitates for a little while and then slowly takes the dessert from C’s hand.
The friends leave D and go back towards the table. To their disappointment, only the drinks are left. They consume how much they can and head